
# WebAgents CG: Regular Meeting (July 15, 2024)

## Agenda

   * Introduction
       * Introduction of new participants (if any)
       * Review minutes from the previous meeting
       * General CG updates
   * Review of Task Forces
       * Manageable Affordances Task Force
       * Use Cases Task Force
   * Open discussion

## Participants

   * Alexandru Sorici
   * Antoine Zimmermann
   * Ege Korkan
   * Danai Vachtsevanou
   * Julian Padget
   * Luis Gustavo Nardin
   * Soheil Roshankish
   * Yousouf Taghzouti

**Scribe**: Ege Korkan

**Notes from previous meeting**: [https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/blob/f48746e96a35b3c32a3780e3992e51f368ecba32/Meetings/RegularMeetings/2024-07-04.md](https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/blob/f48746e96a35b3c32a3780e3992e51f368ecba32/Meetings/RegularMeetings/2024-07-04.md)

## Meeting Notes

az: we might not have a lot of attendance today. We have regrets from Andrei and Rem.

### Minutes Review

az: Let's have a look together to the meeting minutes from last time. I had a look and they looked correct in regards to what is said.

az: any objection?

az: then approved

### General CG Updates

az: Nothing from my side

### Review of Task Forces

#### Manageable Affordances TF

EK: Requirements is the next target for the next meeting. Here is a list of all of them: [https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ascenario](https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Ascenario)


#### Use Cases TF

az: Nothing much to say from the Use Case TF. We have said that we will pick Agriculture as a domain. We wanted to meet mid July but Rem who wanted to lead the discussion is not available.

az: We will set a new date for September or end of August but it is not set yet.

az: Should we create a poll for a date?

dv: Who will present about that?

az: Rem was mainly interested. I will check who else.

### Position Statement from Yousouf

yt: I have a PR at [https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/pull/52](https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/pull/52) that is the position statement for the DKG workshop

yt: it is about semantic content negotiation. E.g. html, rdf for the same resource. It can be done in different ways like header, queries. I can provide a video about it since I cannot attend the workshop in person.

az: we ask participants to provide a position statement.

yt: If you go to the last meeting's information, you can find position statements [https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/tree/main/Meetings/2023-09-11-TPAC/Statements](https://github.com/w3c-cg/webagents/tree/main/Meetings/2023-09-11-TPAC/Statements) .

ek: What is the difference to having an OpenAPI document?

yt: you can do more advanced queries. For example, you can do negotiation on the profiles, languages and time.

az: This is a general question actually. Why would we need TDs as well if we can use OpenAPI. With a vocabulary, you can include other semantic information as well. Here, we are not restriced to what is in a static spec.

(missed Danai's question)

dv: The ontology is about negotiation. You said you can enhance it?

yt: You can use additional ontologies like dimensions ontology. (shows an example document)

### Any other Business

az: Do we have other topics to discuss?

yt: Do you think I can use this vocabulary for HMAS interactions?

dv: You can use it to describe negotiable and non-negotiable resources. My assumption is that you can use it.

ek: Ok we can merge the PR right?

az: yes sure. The position statement is accepted.

#### Questions

sr: I did not catch the discussion about use cases in the beginning

az: Our goal is to collect about autonomous agents. We only have two submissions so far. So we said that we should take another approach and thought that we can use more topic-driven discussions.

az: So we picked agriculture. Also some from manageable affordances can be turned into use cases but they need some work.

az: If there is no other topic, we can end the meeting earlier.

sr: Do we have other meetings?

ek: Ah the meetings seem to expire. We can extend them.

az: Maybe we will have no meetings in August. We will see.

az: Anything else?

az: Meeting is adjurned and have a nice end of the day :)
